Okay,
guys,
from Welcome back.
And now let's have a look.
This last part here,
this scale in which is very entirely now this is the one that we've just created.
And you'll notice because we did that the paid set up and set it to land escape.
We have this little dotted line here that shows us the demarcation of where the page will
be.
So it's down to column and across on all the way down to line 33.
So because it would be very difficult to work out exactly how far that is in pixels,
what we do know is we want this chart to be the same width as a through.
And I'm also gonna move it down to a six.
I'm going to say I wanted them from a six to a 21.
So we want a through and on a six through a 21.
So with that in mind,
let's come back here and have a look at this code.
So because this entire subroutine is dealing with the profit by day chart,
we don't actually have toe activate it because it's already activated.
Because that is all we are working with so we can get rid of that line of code.
And when I'm also going to do is get rid of all of this here I know.
And here,
after the active sheet dot shapes profit by day charge dot Laying in a type wits on that is
a property of the active sheet longer say the width is equal to range.
Open brackets on I want a through and because it's from column A over to call him and I'm
gonna close the quotes closer brackets.
And here I am going to say on that property I want from that range is the wits property.
So whatever the wits off the range eight n is make the active sheet shapes profit by day,
child wits exactly the same size.
And similarly,
we could do exactly the same thing with the height.
So I'm just gonna copy that,
paste it immediately underneath,
tidy it up.
Oops,
a daisy s.
So I think I've just said inserts accepted it dot and this time we want to deal with that
right on.
We wont range.
We're gonna actually say range a six to a 20 to say 21 things that a 21.
And I'm also gonna change this to height H e r GHT,
and I'm also gonna pace.
That's to say six as well.
So changed that there.
Okay,
so I have the correct sheet selected.
I'm going to come up to here,
and I'm just going to run down to the profit by day.
Debug run to cursor hits f ake and all the way through this there goes our chart.
There is our scaled with a through.
And And here is our scaled Hoat or are precisely set height a six rate 21 on end silver.
When I click in here,
you can see that that matches our prince area perfectly.
OK,
I'll see you in the next lecture where we're gonna have a look at sort and the title off
the sheet.
Okay.
I'll see you in the next lecture.